Hey.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we will be able to navigate with ten pages.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we're going to need to go back to our visa code.
And what we can do for now is over here, we are going to create a finer and then a list of pages.
And what we can do is over here, we're going to specify that within the list.
We're going to be using widgets.
So we get.
And we can had a trillion sorry, a semicolon over there.
And over here we can have a center with jets and the child.
Then the test.
For now.
This is just going to say on screen later, we're going to create all these pages, look at the trail
cover and now we can copy and paste.
This is going to be for the category.
So over here we can then say category.
And paste this should be for the shop cards and profile.
So this is going to be.
Shop.
And this is going to be.
Cats.
The profile.
Okay.
Now what we can do?
We can use control.
Unless we can.
Just a list of pages.
Right?
Okay.
Later we are going to create all these pages, but for now, we can just go with this.
Now, as you know, the scaffold has a property known as body, which you can see we have a trailer
combat by.
If you don't, you can just have a newcomer in order to know where this bottom navigation bar hands.
Okay.
Now, within the scaffold it has a property which is the body.
And for the body, it's going to be the list of pages.
And within this list we can then score the on the score selected.
Selected item now holds three studies.
Both we this.
And this is the selected item we are referring to as the default.
It is set to zero and whenever we click on any of the bottom navigation bar item, it's going to help
date the UI.
Right?
Okay.
I think we.
Just call pages.
And we're basically using the sensor widgets home screen.
Okay.
This is it of the homescreen and the category screen.
This is the shop screen.
The car screen and the profile screen.
Okay.
So in the next lecture, we're going to start creating all those pages.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.